Fix widget plugin when keystorke is pressed (#4072)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: tests/plugins/widget/manual/keystroke.md

@bender-tags: widget, bug, 4.14.1, 3998
@bender-ui: collapsed

> @bender-ckeditor-plugins: toolbar, wysiwygarea, sourcearea

Reviewer: This test passes event without fixes you have applied - this is caused by the fact that the fixes are in widget plugin code which is not included here :see\_no\_evil: Always make sure that the test fully covers the issue (so fails without the fix).

### Scenario 1

1. Open console in dev tools.

1. Place cursor inside editor.

> 1. Press CTRL and Enter key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Press <kbd>CTRL</kbd> and <kbd>Enter</kbd> key.
```

You may use `<kbd>` for better readability.

#### Expected

Source mode is opened and no error appears in dev console.

#### Unexpected

> Error appears in dev console or source code editor is not opened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error appears in dev console or source mode editor is not opened.
```

Remember to be consistent when it comes to naming - it makes understanding test scenarios much easier. Also it's in fact called `source mode` so this name should be used.

> ### Scenario 2

Reviewer: If you have two scenarios, manual test should be split into two tests. In this case, however it looks like it could be the continuation of the first scenario (since you are in the source mode at the end of the first scenario and then you start from source mode) - but in this case it shouldn't be marked as second scenario just further steps for the first one.

1. Open console in dev tools.

1. Press "Source" button to see source code.

1. Place cursor inside editor.

1. Press CTRL and Enter key.

#### Expected

> WYSIWYG editor is opened and no error appears in dev console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editor switches to WYSIWYG mode. No error appears in dev console.
```
